add workflow for new chapters / corrections (#806)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/chapters/appendices/errata.qmd

---
aliases:
  - "/errata.html"
---

# Errata {#sec-appendix-errata}

::: {.content-visible when-format="html"}

{{< include ../../common/_setup.qmd >}}

> This appendix lists changes to the online version of this book to chapters included in the original publication.

Author: ```suggestion
This appendix lists changes to the online version of this book to chapters included in the first edition of the book.
```

> This appendix lists changes to the online version of this book to chapters included in the first edition of the book.

Author: ```suggestion
This appendix lists changes to the online version of this book to chapters included in the first edition.
```
